[Applause]
moreover a hitter phils
said to absalom na let me choose 12,000
men and I will arise and pursue David
tonight I will come upon him while he is
weary and weak and make him afraid and
all the people who are with him will
flee and I will strike only the king
then I will bring back all the people to
you when I'll return except the man whom
you seek all the people will be at peace
and the saying pleased Absalom and all
the elders of Israel then epsilen said
now call Hugh Shai thearc I'd also and
let us hear what he says - and when hue
schhh I came to Absalom Absalom spoke to
him a hyssop elf has spoken in this
manner shall we do as he says if not
speak up the advice that a hither fell
has given is not good at this time for
you know your father and his men that
they are mighty men and they are enraged
in their minds like a bear robbed of her
Cubs in the field and your father is a
man of war and will not camp with the
people surely by now he has hidden in
some pit or in some other place and it
will be when some of them are overthrown
at the first that whoever hears it will
say there is a slaughter among the
people who follow Absalom and even he
who is valiant whose heart is like the
heart of a lion will melt complete
for all Israel knows that your father is
a mighty man and those who are with them
are valiant men therefore I advise that
all Israel be fully gathered to you from
Dan to Beersheba like the sand that is
by the sea for multitude and that you go
to battle in person so we will come upon
him in some place where he may be found
and we will fall on him as the dew falls
on the ground and of him and all the men
who are with him there shall not be left
so much as one moreover if he is
withdrawn into a city then all Israel
shall bring ropes to that city and we
will pull it into the river until there
is not one small stone found there so
Absalom and all the men of Israel said
the advice of huge IDR kite is better
than the advice of a hit FM for the Lord
had purposed to defeat the good advice
of a hither fell to the intent that the
Lord might bring disaster on Absalom
then hue schhh I said to zadok and
abiathar the priests thus and so I hid
the fell advised Absalom and the elders
of Israel and the sinned so I have
advised now therefore send quickly and
tell David saying do not spend this
night in the plains of the wilderness
but speedily cross over lest the king
and all the people who are with him be
swallowed up now Jonathan and AHIMA has
stayed at an roku for they dared not be
seen coming into the city so a female
servant would come and tell them and
they would go and tell King David
nevertheless a lad saw them and told
Absalom but both of them went away
quickly and came to a man's house in
bahurim
who had a well in his court and they
went down into it then the woman took
and spread a covering over the wells
mouth and spread ground grain on it and
a thing was not known and when Absalom
servants came to the woman of the house
they said where are a him as and
Jonathan they have gone over the water
brook and when they had searched and
could not find them they returned to
Jerusalem now it came to pass after they
had departed that they came up out of
the well and went and told King David
arise and cross over the water quickly
for thus has a atha fell advised against
you so David and all the people who were
with him arose and crossed over the
Jordan
by morning light not one of them was
left who had not gone over the Jordan
now when a hitter fell saw that his
advice was not followed he saddled a
donkey and arose and went home to his
house to his city then he put his
household in order and hanged himself
and died and he was buried in his
father's tomb then David went to man
name and Absalom crossed over the Jordan
he and all the men of Israel with him
and Absalom made a mesa captain of the
army instead of Joe had this am a
service the son of a man whose name was
Jeffrey an Israelite who had gone in to
Abigail the daughter of Nahash sister of
Zahra aya Joe ABS mother so Israel and
Absalom encamped in the land of Gilead
now it happened when David had come to
me a name that show by the son of Nebat
of the people of Ammon maker the son of
a meal from Lodi BER and barzillai the
gileadite from Rhode Island brought beds
and basins earthen vessels and wheat
barley and flour parched grain and beans
lentils and parched seeds honey and
curds sheep and cheese of the herd for
David and the people who were with him
to eat for they said the people are
hungry and weary and thirsty in the
wilderness